Add missing link to stores doc (#836)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/concepts/derived-values/derived-signals.mdx

When the `count` signal is changed, the `double` function will be called again to produce a new value.

> Similarly you can create a derived signal that relies on a store value because stores use signals under the hood.
> Learn more about [stores](/concepts/stores).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly you can create a derived signal that relies on a store value because stores use signals under the hood.
To learn more about how stores work, [you can visit the stores section](/concepts/stores).
```

If included within a component's body, these derived signals will trigger an update when necessary.

While you can create derived values in this manner, Solid created the [`createMemo`](/reference/basic-reactivity/create-memo) primitive.

> Learn more about [memos](/concepts/derived-values/memos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To dive deeper into how memos work, [check out the memos section](/concepts/derived-values/memos).
```
